The Upton Mattress üá®üá¶ – Candace & Basil Furniture × We noticed you are from USA Visit USA Shop No thank you You will be redirected in 10 seconds Skip to content Shop 1000s of stock items Customizable furniture at your fingertips Visit our showroom or schedule a virtual tour LeftRight Search Account Search Cart CUSTOM Toggle menu Custom Beds Custom Sofas & Sectionals Custom Dining Tables Custom Benches & Ottomans Custom Dining Chairs Custom Bar & Counter Stools Custom Patio Seating Custom Wall Panels Submit Your Own Design BEDROOM Toggle menu Beds Toggle menu King Beds Queen Beds Double Beds Bunk Beds Custom Beds Tables Toggle menu Night Tables Dressers Drawer Chests Mattresses Bedding & Pillows DINING Toggle menu Chairs Stools Tables Sets Bars, Servers & Carts LIVING Toggle menu Seating Toggle menu Sofas & Sectionals Sofa Beds Accent Chairs Benches & Ottomans Recliner Seating Custom Seating Tables & Shelves Toggle menu Coffee Tables & Sets Accent Tables TV Stands Display Shelves MORE Toggle menu Lighting Toggle menu Table Lamps Floor Lamps Wall Lighting Ceiling Lighting Accents Toggle menu Rugs Mirrors Accent Tables Accessories Wall Art Office Toggle menu Computer Desks Office Chairs Bookcases INFO Toggle menu Showroom Contact Us About Us Shipping & Returns Warranty Trade Program Home Right The Upton Mattress üá®üá¶ The Upton Mattress üá®üá¶ $600 CAD Choose Your Size Twin Double Queen King Firmness Soft Medium Firm Choose an option Twin / Soft Double / Soft Queen / Soft King / Soft Twin / Medium Double / Medium Queen / Medium King / Medium Twin / Firm Double / Firm Queen / Firm King / Firm Quantity Minus Plus Add to Cart IN STOCK 1727841600 The Upton Mattress üá®üá¶ is backordered and will ship once it is in stock. Contact us for an ETA. Description Proudly Made in Canada 10" memory foam mattress that adapts to your body and reduces motion transfer Gel infused to provide a cooling effect and regulate temperature Choose¬†your firmness level for ultimate comfort and support Compressed and roll packaged in a box Composition: 2" high viscosity 4 lbs gel memory foam mattress 8" quality foam base for exceptional comfort Bamboo fabric cover with enhanced features Stretch knit fabric with heavy decking¬†for ensured durability 10 Year Limited Manufacturer's Warranty Included Shipping & Returns At Candace & Basil, we believe¬†in creating an stress-free shopping experience for our customers. That's why we offer free standard delivery¬†on local orders in the GTA and surrounding area (all ‚ÄúM‚Äù and most ‚ÄúL‚Äù & ‚ÄúN‚Äù postal codes). Shipping charges for remote/and or out of province orders are calculated at checkout prior to purchase (excludes the Territories). Warranty Manufacturer's Limited Warranty This Limited Warranty applies to physical goods, and¬†only for physical goods, purchased from Candace & Basil.¬† A 365 day manufacturer's warranty applies to all products unless otherwise specified. The term begins from the date of delivery. What does this limited warranty cover?¬† This limited warranty covers any defects in material or workmanship under normal use during the Warranty Period.¬† During the Warranty Period, Candace & Basil will repair or replace, at no charge, products or parts of a product that proves defective because of improper material or workmanship, under normal residential use and maintenance. Items that arrive visibly damaged or defective, must be reported prior to use and/or assembly within 3 days of receipt. A replacement Physical Good or part assumes the remaining warranty of the original Physical Good. What will we do to correct problems?¬† Candace & Basil will either repair the product at no charge, ship¬†new replacement parts, or replace the entire unit at our discretion. What does the limited warranty not cover?¬† The Limited Warranty does not cover any problem that is caused by:¬† conditions, malfunctions or damage not resulting from defects in material or workmanship (ie. irregular use, wear and tear or accidental damage) What do you have to do?¬† To obtain warranty service, you must first contact us to determine the problem and the most appropriate solution for you. Service areas Warranty claims must be associated with the original address on file at the time of order. In the case of a move please check with us to ensure coverage eligibility for the new address. Although we service and ship to most of Canada, some remote regions are outside of our reach and excluded from our shipping and service regions.¬† ¬† More details Right Showroom (Walk-in) 565 Otto Rd., MississaugaMon - Fri: 10am - 5pmSat - Sun: 12pm - 4pm75 Ontario St., TorontoMon - Fri: 11am - 7pmSat - Sun: 11am - 5pm1 (800) 468 9067 Instagram Who we are Candace & Basil is part of a group of companies, family & Canadian owned since 1986. Our mission is to deliver a curated selection of quality home products at a fair price throughout North America. Newsletter Sign up to our newsletter four access to our welcome offer & members only deals! We keep our emails short, sweet & infrequent.*You may unsubscribe at any time. Sign up Quick links Trade Program Contact Us About Us Shipping & Returns Warranty Customer Product Reviews Terms of Service Join Our Growing Team American Express Apple Pay Diners Club Discover Google Pay Mastercard PayPal Shop Pay Visa © 2024 Candace & Basil Furniture. Powered by Shopify Customer Care Typically replies in minutes Customer Care Hello, We are now on WhatsApp! Let us know if you have any questions üòä 16:46 Start Chat Text Us