Colourful Markers, Embroidered Cushion Cover 16" x 16" – The Elephant Head We use cookies so we can provide you with the best user experience and deliver products and offers that are relevant to you. By selecting accept or continuing to use the site you are consenting to our use of cookies.Learn more> Accept Log in or Create account Cart 0 Search Menu Cart 0 Home About us + - Blog Reviews Home accessories + - All Home accessories Carved Wooden Tealight Holders Diyas/Tealight Holders DIY carved wooden frames Hanging Tealight Holders Hand carved mirrors Picture frames Paper mache home accessories Reclaimed wood accessories Reclaimed wood mirrors Vintage Windows Kitchen accessories + - All Kitchen accessories Block printed table linen Fridge Magnets Handmade paper table mats and coasters Wooden Kitchen and Bar Accessories Soft furnishings + - All Soft furnishings Abstract cushion covers Charity made cushion covers Luxury Ikat Cushions Mandala pattern cushion covers Tote Bags Stationery Garden + - All Garden Bird Baths/Feeders Hanging Tealight Holders Hanging planter pots Succulent planters Gifts + - All Gifts Gifts Under £10 Gifts from £10 to £20 Gifts from £20 to £50 Gifts with a Purpose Gift Cards Lac-ware Wooden Gifts and Collectibles Christmas-Themed Gifts Log in Create account Search Home About us Blog Reviews Home accessories Carved Wooden Tealight Holders Diyas/Tealight Holders DIY carved wooden frames Hanging Tealight Holders Hand carved mirrors Picture frames Paper mache home accessories Reclaimed wood accessories Reclaimed wood mirrors Vintage Windows Kitchen accessories Block printed table linen Fridge Magnets Handmade paper table mats and coasters Wooden Kitchen and Bar Accessories Soft furnishings Abstract cushion covers Charity made cushion covers Luxury Ikat Cushions Mandala pattern cushion covers Tote Bags Stationery Garden Bird Baths/Feeders Hanging Tealight Holders Hanging planter pots Succulent planters Gifts Gifts Under £10 Gifts from £10 to £20 Gifts from £20 to £50 Gifts with a Purpose Gift Cards Lac-ware Wooden Gifts and Collectibles Christmas-Themed Gifts Home › Colourful Markers, Embroidered Cushion Cover 16" x 16" The Elephant Head Colourful Markers, Embroidered Cushion Cover 16" x 16" Regular price £25.00 Sale price £0.00 Tax included. Default Title - £25.00 GBP Quantity Add to Cart This colourful and fun 'Markers' cushion cover has been hand embroidered by artisans from the charity Aham Bhumika in Bhopal India. white cotton fabric, with a plain white backing tie back fastening pre-shrunk and pre-washed Dimensions16" x 16" Care instructions Handwash/cold wash. Do not bleach. Air dry/tumble dry on low heat. Iron medium heat. Giving Back 10% of the profits from the sale of this cushion cover will be donated back to our charity partners Aham Bhumika. Through our small contribution and continuing support, we hope to be able to provide more employment opportunities to the women working with Aham Bhumika, to enable them to earn a livelihood and be self-sufficient. Aham Bhumika Aham Bhumika is an NGO (Non-Government Organisation) based in Bhopal, a city in the state of Madhya Pradesh in India. It has been set up by a diverse group of artists, housewives, engineers, tourist guides, teachers and government employees, who work for the betterment of the underprivileged in rural areas of India. The charity mainly works in two villages on the outskirts of Bhopal, with an aim to enable rural women to earn a livelihood and be self-sufficient. As part of Aham Bhumika’s embroidery project, more than 30 skilled rural women artisans, have thus far been trained and employed to create some truly unique and beautiful products including sarees, tote bags and cushion covers. Links About us Customer reviews Delivery Terms of service Privacy policy Refund policy Blog posts In The Press Contact us Follow Us Twitter Facebook Pinterest Instagram Copyright © 2024, The Elephant Head. Powered by Shopify Payment icons American Express Apple Pay Diners Club Discover Google Pay Maestro Mastercard PayPal Shop Pay Union Pay Visa choosing a selection results in a full page refresh