








Products - Derwent House





























































  










 







01993 212678
 

 
 
 










Home
Naturalmat
Delcor
Collections

Sofas & Armchairs
Organic Mattresses & Beds
Furniture
Cushions & Throws
Ceramics & Glass
Lighting
Homewares
Vintage
Art


Makers
About Us

Our Story
Bespoke Commissions
Bespoke Rugs
Interiors Advisory Service
Curtains & Soft Furnishings
Renovation & Reupholstery


Contact Us

Fabric Studio
Blog
Join Our Team


 


Select Page


  
 



 



 











 
 


Products
 
All our Products are made individually on a small scale by some of Britain’s most skilled makers where the focus is on quality and craftsmanship. From classic sofas and innovative furniture to cleverly upcycled pieces, the designs we have selected suit many styles. For the finishing touches, choose from our range of printed or woven textiles and our stunning collection of homewares, that will help to transform your house into your home.
 
 
 


Sofas & Armchairs

 

Furniture

 

Cushions

 
 


Ceramics & Glass

 

Lighting

 

Homewares

 
 


Textiles

 

Upcycled

 

Art & Artisans

 
 
  

  
 
 







© Derwent House 2022
 
 

Sign up to our newsletter
 














 
 


Follow us
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


Privacy Policy | Data Protection Policy
Registered Office: 3 Bridge Street, Witney, Oxfordshire OX28 1BYCompany No 12249665 Registered in England & Wales. VAT Registration No 12249655
 
 


Website by ads creative solutions
 
 
 
  

  

 
This site uses cookies to personalise content, to provide social media features and to analyse traffic. 
AgreeLearn morePrivacy & Cookies Policy




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								Necessary							


Necessary

Always Enabled




									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								






								Functional							


Functional





									Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								Performance							


Performance





									Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								Analytics							


Analytics





									Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								Advertisement							


Advertisement





									Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								Others							


Others





									Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












SAVE & ACCEPT






























